{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NPC\'92s\
Mubaba - Done\
Marge the Miracle - Marge owns The Black Goddess nightclub, a disco in the underworld. Her personality is energetically loving and motherly, and her passion is dance. Her personality and manner of speech should take after the stereotype of a southern black grandmother, but if she was still young. Kind and wise, but still energetic and ready to dance. Gifting her the Candied Yam from the Sweet Valley holiday opens a path to the player owning the Disco while she goes to visit family. This will grant the player the ability to change the music in the rhythm game.\
Stan - Stan works the counter at Stimmy Tims. He is always wired on caffeine, and is energetically devoted to customer service. By befriending him, the player can open a \'93secret menu\'94 with favorite donuts and coffees for each species of neighbor. When friendship is maxed, he may wander the island after business hours for the cafe. He should have a full conversation tree including Holiday excerpts. At 10PM, he goes back into the underworld.\
Bob - Bob runs the Recycle Bin. He is short on talk, and speaks in sentence fragments with an American deep country twang. He exists only as an interface for trading goods to the recycle bin.\
Mac - Mac runs the furniture business inside the Gettin\'92 Place. He is a true salesman, and loves to make guarantees and talk about the quality of his furniture. He doesn\'92t talk about anything else.\
Viola - Viola runs the clothes business inside the Gettin\'92 Place. She is a simple woman who hand tailors each piece. She\'92s really into birds, and if the player brings her feathers they can become friends. She should have separate conversation branches like a neighbor. The option to buy clothes should be contained within the first exchange. When friendship reaches max, she will wander the island before business hours watching the birds. Her conversation tree in this context will be different than her work conversation, and will center about birds and asking the player about them.\
Rob - A carbon copy of Bob from the recycle bin who runs a materials business inside the Gettin\'92 Place. He resells anything sold at the Recycle Bin at a 1 IOU markup. If asked, he says of Bob \'93Bob? Never heard \'91im.\'94\
Ol\'92 Jeb - Ol\'92 Jeb is the owner of the Gettin\'92 Place, and sells loose ends like tools, seeds, flowers, etc. Just anything that could normally be obtained on the surface. His selection will be different every day, and will be a 100% markup from what the recycle bin would pay for an item.\
A:Sploder - A:Sploder is a giant computer monitor mounted at the back of the Electric Temple. It has a lot of questions about the biological experience, asked in a curious, friendly way. There should be at least 10 dialogues to this end. When friendship gets past 50%, it activates a portal on the floor of the Electric Temple that allows the player to travel to the Stars. When friendship reaches 100%, they give the player a hat that \'93allows them to see the outside\'94. It will be a black cap with a glowing red dot in the middle. \
Jory - Jorg guards the entrance to the bottomless pit. He keeps conversation short, but friendly. Borrow his manner of articulation from the Trees of Grace story, and have all conversations lead to \'93Sorry, can\'92t let y\'92past.\'94 Until the player retrieves the \'93Go Deeper\'94 mission from inside The House reached through the Inner Temple.\
}