{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37860\viewh19300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Overview:\
\
Sweet Dreams is a life sim styled game in a 16 bit visual style. Based on a large island in the middle of the ocean, the player starts alone before being joined by up to 9 neighbors. There is no end game, only the experience of building a life with friends on the island. Activities include casting magnets into the sea to pull up treasure, planting and growing flowers and berries, building shelters and amenities for the community, playing games with neighbors, learning magic tricks, and making sand and ice sculptures. There are also animals on the island and in the sea that can be befriended. There is a night/day cycle that makes 30 real minutes = 1 24 hour cycle in the game. There must be save states, and they must be designed as to allow updates to the game without breaking the save. \
\
World:\
The island is 100x100 tiles across, surrounded by sea that extends 10 tiles out from the shore. The outer edge is beach with palm trees that grow bananas. Near the shore is sparse jungle, and the interior of the island is a swampy wooded area. All plant life can be harvested as wood or fiber, and some bushes and trees produce fruit.\
\
Actions:\
Player actions include the harvesting of tiles (rocks, trees, bushes, tall grass, salt water, pond water, sparkly rocks, bird poop), crafting of tools/building blocks/meals, casting magic tricks, casting for treasure (fishing), planting seeds, pulling weeds, building (placing of crafted blocks), creating (making sculptures during holiday events), and interacting with neighbors.\
Movement: classic WASD movement.\
Interaction: Player can open an interaction menu by facing an item and pressing the Enter button on the keyboard, or by clicking with the mouse. This causes default actions to occur such as harvesting, talking to neighbors, or entering a building\
Menus: Right mouse button or Shift + Enter will open a menu with advanced interaction options. These include casting magic tricks, assigning shelters, or challenging neighbors to games.\
Harvesting: Is only ever referred to as harvesting and is non-destructive. Harvest tiles are randomly generated at the creation of the island and can only be moved by magic tricks.\
Crafting: Done through a menu in the inventory screen. Is accomplished by a simple list, and consumes elements of the recipe upon creation.\
Casting: Done after crafting a gettin\'92 stick. This item is made with one magnet (from a sparkly rock) a stick (from a tree) and fiber (from tall grass or pulling weeds). With each cast into the ocean, each passing second grants a 1 in 10 chance of a catch.\
Gardening: Seeds (found in bird poop) are planted in fertile soil, which appears randomly around the island at creation. Pig neighbors can create new fertile soil if asked. Plants grow each day for three days until fully grown, and can then be picked up and moved elsewhere.\
Building: Items can be equipped and placed through the item screen. Items can only be placed on clear ground. As new materials are unlocked, new buildings such as temples, towers, lighthouses and castles can be built. Initially, there are only thatch roofed huts.\
Magic: Neighbors can teach the player \'93magic tricks\'94 that manipulate the world. They can make unwanted neighbors disappear, make otherwise permanent features such as stones and trees into movable items, summon fairies, and change the day into night or the seasons.\
\
Timeline: \
The game has a day night cycle and a calendar. Seasons are 40 days long and affect the plants and available drops from harvesting tiles. There are holidays on the first day of each season, and events every 6 days after. This 6 day cycle persists through seasons. Each season unlocks new items that can be harvested, and so by the end of year 1 all items have been unlocked. The date is tracked on the upper right of the screen. Seasons are Sweet, Saucy, Cool and Yeesh. They correspond to spring, summer, fall and winter. Holidays are not based on real holidays, but are rather complete fabrications relating to myths of the island.\
\
Neighbors:\
Neighbors arrive by dingy on the shore at random, but not less than once per season. This happens until 9 neighbors live on the island. Refer to the \'93Neighbors\'94 file for a list of neighbors with descriptions of their personalities. Neighbors build a thatch roofed hut for themselves on the first night when they arrive. The location is picked at random. The player is able to build new shelters for them, and when an empty shelter exists, the player is able to assign it to an existing neighbor by right clicking it. Neighbors can be challenged to games such as tic tac toe, a rhythm game, or other games that will be designed and added as updates. Each neighbor has a unique shelter that can be visited, with different interior design. Neighbors have a friendship level with each other and the player, which is increased through positive interaction and is visible through a \'93friendship\'94 tab inside of the players inventory menu. When the maximum is reached, player has the option to invite the neighbor to move in with them, which opens their spot on the island for a new neighbor. If neighbors friendship is < 3 out of 10, the neighbor may consider leaving the island. This can happen through negative interactions such as being ignored when flagging the player, having rude things said to them by the player, or having the player use tools on them.\
\
\
\
\
}