{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mubaba\'92s Fortress - described in mubaba.txt\
Gettin\'92 place - A general store with 4 merchants. All merchants take IOUs in exchange for goods. There is a shop for furniture, a shop for advanced tools, a shop for familiars, and a shop for new home models. \
Recycle Bin -  A simple counter interface where the player can sell extra materials, treasures, etc. in exchange for IOUs\
The Inner Temple - A room with a sort of puzzle. When the player steps on the 4 spheres and enters the appropriate password for each, the center sphere will light up and allow them to warp to The House.\
The Electric Temple - described in ElectricTemple\
The Black Goddess - A nightclub with flashing LED floors and a disco ball. The Hostess is Marge the Miracle and neighbors will appear there after dark. They can be challenged to a rhythm game, the winner gets IOU\'92s as a prize.\
Stimmy Tim\'92s - A coffee and donut cafe. Neighbors appear here in the morning. Coffee and Donuts can be bought for IOU\'92s and either consumed or given as gifts\
A bottomless pit -  The final unlock. When all other buildings are unlocked, this barricaded hole is open and Jorg will let you down. This leads into the world of not-sweet dreams where one can encounter terrible neighbors.}